William Cao (pastor13)
CSE 403
Individual Status Report
04-23-2018

3rd Week of Individual Status Reports

I think we are slightly ahead of schedule in terms of implementation. Because of this, for next week, I want to focus more on refining the plugin to 
iron out any existing bugs. Obviously, this requires a lot of extensive testing which in turn requries a lot of project data that needs to be pulled 
from the Google Code archives. Because of this need, I want to figure out a way to get a lot of data without manually searching through the archives 
for projects to test our plugin with. If I do manage to get these goals done, the next step would be to help test or implement the other issue 
trackers like Redmine or GitHub.

This week was a bit more interesting than the others. It turns out that TaskWarrior had a decent user interface, which removes one of its downsides.
After such a discovery, we had to talk about our future plans. This week, I helped work on the user manual and helped iron out some of the functionality 
of our reworked issue tracker. We decided that our porting tools for issue trackers will have to be moved to the client side rather than the server.
As a result, I had to start translating the Google Code plugin which was written in Kotlin to TypeScript. I am not familiar with TypeScript so this 
transition is going to take some time getting used to, something we don't have much of since we're now on a more tight schedule than before. Before all
this, I helped revise the metric portion of our project proposal since that was lacking. The biggest problem that is causing me trouble is the transition
of moving our porting tools to the client side because this requires a lot of restructuring of our project which includes a language change and also
the removal of a lot of the data classes we had written in Kotlin.

My priority goal this week is to work on porting the Google Code plugin to TypeScript and making sure that it passes the existing tests that we had 
written for them in Kotlin. After the port, the other goal I have is to work with the front end team members to establish the REST API between our 
web app and back end. Again, from last week, I need to find a good way to pull Google Code projects to test out the plugin extensively.