William Cao (pastor13)
CSE 403
Individual Status Report
04-30-2018

4th Week of Individual Status Reports

My priority goal this week is to work on porting the Google Code plugin to TypeScript and making sure that it passes the existing tests that we had 
written for them in Kotlin. After the port, the other goal I have is to work with the front end team members to establish the REST API between our 
web app and back end. Again, from last week, I need to find a good way to pull Google Code projects to test out the plugin extensively.

I helped revise the project proposal last week, specifically addressing the justification of our rubrics. I also helped work on the progress portion of 
the team status report. During this time, I've been working on the Redmine conversion tool. This was a change of plans from my goal from last week 
because Christopher had already finished porting both the GitHub and Google Code plugins to TypeScript, so I figured I could help get the third plugin
up and running. Unfortunately, after I finished implementing the prototype for the plugin, I ran into the same cross origins issue that is still 
plaguing us from the Google Code plugin. As of now, I think we need to sit down and address this issue as a team because I fear it may be more than 
just these two plugins at this rate. Also, a potential issue with the Redmine plugin is that the projects may be hosted on another server, so I might 
need to adjust the base URL that I hardcoded into the plugin currently. It might require some user input as to where the project is located, but I think
that should be okay. Unfortunately, I still have not found a good way to test the current plugins yet, as I'm not still not particularly comfortable 
with TypeScript. I have also tried to address the security vulnerability in my branch by updating the Hoek version to the recommended 4.2.1 by GitHub. 
I have not merged the branch with master yet, and I have not found a way to see if the vulnerability still exists in my branch. Lastly, I helped revise 
the user manual and adjust it according to the feedback received from last week. I also moved the license to a completely different file as suggested
from the feedback.

As for next week, there are many goals that I should work on. I need to help with testing our current plugins and work on ironing out the details of 
the API between the server and web app. Also, I should focus on implementing offline support for the web app, as this is a crucial part of the project.
Another big goal for next week is how we deal with the cross origins problem with Google Code and Redmine. If this all gets done, I will try and see if 
I can help out my teammates working with the front end.
