William Cao (pastor13)
CSE 403
Individual Status Report
05-14-2018

6th Week of Individual Status Reports


I want to finish implementing the offline portion of the server, so that is the primary goal of this week. Also, since we need to get the results in this Thursday, I plan to help out with the result generation process, which may include automating (and figuring out how to automate) as much
as possible.

I did not expect the report generation to take a good portion of the week. I helped come up with the format of the initial test results and 
the kind of files that we will process. We ended up deciding on using .csv's for the data, with each test separated by a comma from a 
scale of 0-1 for each category. The script that I wrote will account for the weights of each test. We also decided that we will use LateX as
a way to generate the .pdf of the report. Before writing the script, I had helped find some projects that could be used in our initial results
test for our project. After writing the script, I helped test a large Google Code project (over 1000 issues). During the import, I discovered
that our project only imported one page of issues (100 consecutive issues). As a result, I could not randomly sample and expect to get 
meaningful data (since we decided to count import failures as a score of 0). Because of this, I did two samples, one that just used all the 
cases that were successfully imported and one that didn't. What was unique about the Google Code project (openbookproject) I selected was that 
it was primarily in Chinese. It turns out our project did a very good job in preserving information when importing from Google Code. I did 
notice that our webapp didn't import some underscores and one heading correctly, but overall did a good job preserving information. As of now,
I am working on the presentation and project proposal.

For next week, we need to get the prototype for the offline portion working, which I plan on working on. Afterwards, I need to work on getting
Redmine to import correctly (it sees the requests for the .json, but we aren't getting anything back).